one welcome to this video so in this
video I'm going to show you how to use
iTunes to transfer your music from Mac
or Windows to your iPhone device or iPad
or iPod touch
so I've downloaded the latest version
which is the iTunes 12 as you see is
different than the other white turns
versions this has a red piping so just
double click on the item so just run
iTunes and make sure you plug in your
you know I device to your computer or
Mac so once you do that your device name
will appear over here and before we do
anything we are going to click on this
iPhone I think so just one click on that
and once we click on that we also crawl
down I'm just scrolling down you know
okay so I scroll all the way down and
then I'm going to make sure that
manually manage music and videos is
checked so make sure that there is a
check in this box okay so if if this is
unchecked you will not be able to move
your playlist into your iDevice okay so
once we check this we are going back and
going to click on the music type and
over here
okay so we are here main page that's
where we were first here okay so once we
do this we are going all the way down to
this class so just one click on this
plus and you will see we have some
options so choose the first one which is
new playlists so one click on that and
name your playlist so I'm gonna me I'm
gonna name this our others you can name
yours whatever you I okay so once we
made our playlist we are going to choose
a music file so yeah so I have an mp3
file over here
so I'm just gonna move my mouse over it
I'm gonna drag and drop it right here in
the middle here okay alright so once I
do that I have one song and his name is
1 2 3 so I want this I want to transfer
this playlist into my iPhone so what I'm
going to do is I'm going to drag say my
playlist and move it to wash my device
right here so as you see once I move it
over here it has like a red number 1
with a class decided so I'm just gonna
drop it ok once I drop it the file is on
my I I said
so let me play it for you so you'll know
that
yeah so that's all for today I think now
you know how to convey your songs from
your computer to your iDevice so I hope
you subscribe to my youtube channel for
more videos if you have and if you have
any questions please leave them in the
comment area below and don't forget to
like and share my video and that's all
have a nice night or day